jackpot
let's stock up we're gonna need all the
firepower we can carry don't mind if I
do what do you think you're doing relax
we're on your side put them back on our
fire come on man I'm buddy's gonna worry
about a couple missing bullets return
the weapons I won't ask again I know
you're just doing your job so I'm gonna
ask my partner not to kill you get that
out of my face what the hell was that I
barely touched him how hard is it for
you not to kill somebody
harder than I thought hi my name's Alex
Hutchinson I'm creative director on
armor two the 40th day so the morality
moments are these unique choices that
the player gets to make throughout the
game they walk into a scenario they meet
someone fresh and they get an A B choice
and both of those choices have
consequences the goal of these was to
allow players to express themselves as a
partnership in the game space so it's a
game about disaster where Shanghai is
under attack and we really want players
to be able to say while you win over
these watching we want to do is at least
get a few moments in our game that take
co-op outside the TV and onto the couch
so want people to you know argue with
each other debate a decision with each
other to figure out sometimes what you
think is the right choice will have
unwanted consequences and sometimes what
you think is you know a bad choice may
actually be not that bad so once you
make your decision you'll see the impact
of your decision on their life in a
sequence of still images that shows sort
of like stretching out into the future
the results of your actions made for us
by two terrific comic book artists we've
got to sort of pick two personal
favorite of mine Chris Patel who did
shade the changing man and work on death
the high cost of living and chocolate on
the other hand is doing covers for
scalped at the moment and I think
scalped is one of the best books on the
shelves right now you know when you're
making a new game you're trying to take
it into a fresh space and you know
extend the audience grab new people and
get them excited about the game so I'm
really excited to be bringing guys you
know from traditional media like comic
books into the digital arts and giving
them an opportunity to find a new
audience I think this gives us the
opportunity to tell a story in a new way
in the game I've been a comic book fan
for a very long time so it's been a lot
of fun come visit our booth Chris
Michelle is going to be down there
signing his own work hopefully we'll see
that